You're here to pick him up?
Are you mistaken?
Miss Xianbai is my boss flipping through books
You are teaching me to write poetry
Wait, you came out of there?
Your boss
People are in this building
Of course it's Prince Qilin
Okay, let's go
Goodbye!
The marriage prince is so easy to deceive
Or is he really a master of washing?
How is that possible?
If he is really a master of washing
Then he should have come forward early in the morning to admit his identity
Helping companies thrive
Instead of lurking in that little lab and letting the company grow slowly
I know, he must have slept in Tai Chi's bed long ago
Before, he could make Mrs. Zhou obey him
Maybe they've already hooked up
Right
Send defense, it turns out that you never sent me a long time ago
Don't call Bai Xiu, please explain
His new product launch will be prepared for you.
Come in
We Kirin Group
I don't need to see
Brother Providence, let's go and tell everyone that he pretended to be the master of Lujing
At that time, even if the Crown Prince slept with him
He will also be spurned a lot
At that time
Mrs. Zhou and Mrs. Li will reinvest in us
I will be merciful in this life